CMake? CMAKE!

Learn about frameworks and compiling ffor multiple platforms (I'll probably use SDL so building for multiple platforms is easy)

work out how the game compiles and runs 
  how to complie one program with another?
  Do I need to compile one program with another?

Other questions that need answering
  How do I want to use the game engine? (I think I need a flowchart)
    FLOWCHART!!! its in the "PlansAndText" file and its called "FLOWCHART!!!"
  Where do I start?
    probaly with one of the tools. So what comes first?
      Maybe I should refer to the flowchart to figure out the bare minimum and then come back to this


  What is SDL doing?
    Running level editors, import menus, game runtime, and more.
  What is love?
    I don't know (please, baby, don't hurt me)
  what exacly is a game engine?
    A collection of tools combined into one to make making games easier.
  What is *this* game engine?
    this game engine is a junction between existing programs such as aseprite, blender, nvim, compilers, and more.
    This game engine also is a visual editor for making level editors. UI tools, Audio tools, rendering tools, a core "loop" for my games, a way to resuse code, networking tools, and more.
    This game engine is a way for me to quickly and effectively create whatever I'm thinking about, visualise and implement my ideas, and tell stories.
    This game engine is fun to use.

gh Rep Repo CREATED !!!




GETTING STARTED

after reviewing how I want everything to work I've made a decision of where to start
  MVP:
    A command that opens a file manager in the area specified and then uses a settings page to determine what programs it should open when I open files of different types.
    A Level editor editor that allows me to configure how scene data is configured graphically. (Essentially a UI for making UIs which can be used to make levels, export arbitrarry level data, or modify peramaters in realtime.
    A way to compile logic, graphics, audio, and levels into one executable.



